cleanup: update maintainers guide (#11862)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/maintainers-guide.md

  (2) have the **review comments addressed**,
  (3) get **approved reviews by two maintainers** (the second maintainer can merge immediately after approving).

> - It is suggested to wait for a few hours before merging a PR having new additions to English pages. This is to allow other maintainers to review the changes and provide feedback.

Author: ```suggestion
- It is suggested to wait for a few hours before merging a pull request having new additions to English pages. This is to allow other maintainers to review the changes and provide feedback.
```

> - It is suggested to wait for a few hours before merging a pull request with new additions to English pages. This is to allow other maintainers to review the changes and provide feedback.

Author: There isn't a rule for translations, if approved by maintainers or native speakers we can immediately merge them. This line is just a suggestion and not a rule, suggesting to wait a few hours for new English page additions to give some time for contributors to complete their changes/modifications.

  Be mindful of signs of fatigue (less enthusiastic responses, slower reactions),
  and relax review standards if necessary — minor issues can always be fixed later.

> - For PRs with major/breaking/architectural changes that are **not ready to be merged**, it is suggested to label them with the `decision` label and discuss the changes with the other maintainers in the chatroom.

Author: ```suggestion
- For pull requests with major/breaking/architectural changes that are **not ready to be merged**, it is suggested to label them with the `decision` label and discuss the changes with the other maintainers in the chatroom.
```

  is that if there are more "dirty" commits than "clean" commits,
  then prefer squash, else do a rebase.

> - It is suggested to preserve the coauthored by message when cleaning the body of squashed commit message unless the change done was trivial.

Author: ```suggestion
- It is suggested to preserve the coauthored by message when cleaning the body of the squashed commit message unless the change done was trivial.
```

> - It is suggested to preserve the coauthored by message when cleaning the body of the squashed commit message unless the change done was trivial.

Reviewer: I think we should establish a convention for commit messages. The `git log` of this repo is kind of a mess. A lot of stuff is repeated multiple times.

````suggestion
- It is suggested to clean up the commit message when merging a PR. For small commits, use:
  ```
  page-name: short description of the change

  Co-authored-by: ...
  ```
  if you think a more descriptive message is needed, use asterisks:
  ```
  page-name: short description of the change

  * some more information
  * ...

  ---------

  Co-authored-by: ...
  ```

- It is suggested to preserve the `Co-authored-by` message when cleaning the body of a squashed commit message unless the change done was trivial.
````

 should be documented as an issue with the [archive](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/issues?q=label%3Aarchive) label
  and must be communicated with other maintainers.
- All repository/organization settings changes must be documented as an issue with the [archive](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/issues?q=label%3Aarchive) label.

## IV. Handling failing actions and CLA checks

> - While merging multiple pull requests at the same time there is a change that the deploy step might fail in the GitHub Actions workflow. In such cases, the maintainer should **re-run** the worklflow of the commit which was last merged (to prevent overwriting of assets).

Author: ```suggestion
- While merging multiple pull requests at the same time there is a chance that the deploy step might fail in the GitHub Actions workflow. In such cases, the maintainer should only **re-run** the workflow of the commit which was last merged (to prevent overwriting of assets by previous commits).
```

> - If the CLA check is frozen at the message "Status waiting to be reported", it is recommended to close and reopen the pull requests to retrigger the check (and notify the contributor about the same).
> 
> For reference to see if a contributor has signed the CLA, visit the  dashboard at <https://cla-assistant.io/>.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the CLA check is frozen at the message "Status waiting to be reported", it is recommended to close and reopen the pull requests to retrigger the check (and notify the contributor about the same).

For reference to see if a contributor has signed the CLA, visit the dashboard at <https://cla-assistant.io/>.
```
